Example of attachment with type (#594)
simonw/llm: docs/python-api.md

    ]
)
```

> Use `llm.Attachment(content=b"binary image content here")` to pass binary content directly. You may optionqlly specify a content type - if tou do not it will be detected automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `llm.Attachment(content=b"binary image content here")` to pass binary content directly. You may optionally specify a content type - if you do not it will be detected automatically:
```
